[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats formed
an alliance with Law
and launched an attack
on Doflamingo in Dressrosa.
[NARRATOR] In response,
Doflamingo trapped the kingdom
inside a barrier and challenged
all present to a game.
[NARRATOR]
As the Straw Hats do battle with
the fierce fighters of
the Don Quixote Family,
Luffy and Law rush
to the royal palace
to take down Doflamingo himself.
[NARRATOR] Meanwhile,
Zoro closes in on Pica
who intends to murder King Riku.
Commodore...
Killer... Bowling!
Nine mountains and
eight seas make one world!
[ZORO] One thousand worlds
make one chiliocosm!
One chiliocosm
to the power of three
and there's nothin' I can't cut!
[ZORO] Three-Sword
Style Secret Technique!
The Billion-fold World...
Trichiliocosm!
[PICA yells]
[ZORO]
Nine mountains and eight seas,
there's nothing I can't cut!
[PICA]
Rot in hell!
[ZORO]
Three Thousand Worlds!
[screams] Oh crap!
His remains are still fallin'!
All right! King Punch!
That settles that.
[LUFFY] "So Long!
Bellamy's Farewell Blow!"
[MIHAWK] Have you ever
shattered your blade before?
Yeah.
It's happened a couple of times.
Cracked a few of 'em
fighting you.
Infused with Haki,
those swords would have
been able to
withstand the stress.
[ZORO]
Hm?
[MIHAWK] You must carry
every nick as a mark of shame.
Any sword can become
a Black Blade.
A Black Blade?
Until you master this,
no liquor.
[ZORO]
Huh?!
[laughs]
No nicks on the edge.
[chuckles]
[USOPP]
Zoro! Zoro, you okay, buddy?
Heh.
Of course.
[FUJITORA] Were there
any casualties reported?
[MARINE A] No sir.
All thanks to your help.
All right! King Punch!
[TOWNSMAN A]
The rubble's falling!
[TOWNSMAN B]
Get outta here!
[TOWNSMAN C]
Run!
[TOWNSPEOPLE gasp]
[MARINES gasping]
Admiral Issho.
Quickly, evacuate the civilians.
[MARINE B]
Yes, sir!
[MARINE C]
Run!
Vacate this area!
[MARINE D]
Go, go, go!
[TOWNSPEOPLE yelling]
[MARINE E]
Everyone! Seek shelter!
[MARINE B] Admiral!
The citizens have vacated!
Good work.
[MARINE A] Your quick thinking
saved a lot of lives today.
Suspending gravity on the
falling debris was brilliant.
[MARINE F] Luckily, we had
time to react since we had
a lot of the evacuees
gathered here.
I'm relieved to hear that.
[TOWNSMAN G]
Did you see?
The giant statue
was split into two!
[TOWNSMAN H] Does that mean one
of the Executives was defeated?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A]
Lord Pica was taken out!
I can't believe someone
with power like that
didn't enter the tournament.
Must be a humble guy.
And he's a mere subordinate
to Garp's grandson.
[ORLUMBUS chuckles]
Gotta hand it to him.
King Riku has been saved
so I suppose I'll
let him slide this once.
[cries] Mister Zoro!
That was some feat!
It's over.
[TOWNSMAN I gasps]
That's the factory!
[TOWNSMAN J] Something caused
it to burst into flames!
[TOWNSMAN K]
How'd that happen?
We ready for one more?
[DWARVES]
Let's go! Alley-oop!
All right!
[DWARF A] Burn it to
the ground! It made us suffer!
That'll be the last time some
jerk tricks us into slavery!
[TREBOL] Hey, hey. Looks like
Pica was taken down
and now the factory's
been set on fire, Doffy.
[laughs]
But what they don't
quite realize yet
is our defeated can revive,
and our factory can be repaired.
That's because we still
have Mansherry on our side
with the Heal-Heal Fruit power!
[laughs]
[LEO]
Rebecca! Robiland! Are you okay?
Huh?
[LEO gasps] Wait. Is that
really you, Commander Kyros?
Yes. You've rescued
the princess, I see.
[LEO] You look so valiant!
Even more than the statue!
[KYROS chuckles]
You flatter me.
Huh?
My goodness, you've been
terribly injured!
Please allow me
to heal you at once!
[KYROS]
One moment.
So, you're Princess Mansherry.
I've heard word of
your remarkable ability.
But there must be
a limit on its use.
Do not waste it on me.
But you're wounded!
Just let me help you!
[KYROS] I'll be fine.
I'm conscious, aren't I?
More importantly, you're safe.
It must have been hard on you.
[KYROS] If you're set on
using your power to help,
there are going to be
countless citizens
who need you more than I.
[MANSHERRY gasps]
Oh no!
This is really our home?
Leo mentioned that
the situation was dire,
but I didn't expect
something like this.
At least we successfully
destroyed the factory.
The final clash is upon us.
Yeah, they pulled it off!
I knew we could count on Inhel!
[KYROS]
The kingdom has long suffered
under Doflamingo's clutches.
It shall either be liberated
and returned to King Riku
or once again fall into despair.
[KYROS] Our last line of hope
lies among a pirate crew now.
Is that so?
[KYROS]
Our fate shall be decided...
...at the Royal Palace!
Save us, Lawland, Luffyland.
This is it. It's all on them.
Luffy. Traffy.
Go, Lucy.
Okay, I infiltrated
the Rampart Tower.
Things are looking
dicey in here, though.
Can you make it to me, Sabo?
[SABO] I'm helping some of
the trapped prisoners
escape the coliseum grounds.
Sorry, but you're
way too far from me.
I know for a fact you've handled
much tougher missions
than this, Koala.
[KOALA] I wouldn't call
if this was a cake walk!
Luffy might be at risk, too!
Be right there.
[KOALA]
Rude!
[USOPP]
Zoro! You good?
Hey, Zoro! Do ya need a hand?
[ZORO]
I'm fine! Not even a scratch.
That's my boy!
[TOWNSPEOPLE cheering]
I was scared!
I thought you might die!
Actually, I was more afraid
that I might die, so thank you!
Sir Zoro, splendid
work back there!
Yeah, thank you Mr. Pirate!
I can't believe you cut down
that massive statue
with just swords.
That was crazy!
Hold the applause, guys.
We're not in the clear just yet.
Once that cage is gone,
then you can cheer.
[TOWNSPEOPLE gasp]
As long as that stands,
the main thorn in our side
is still out there.
[LUFFY]
Stop! That's enough, Bellamy!
Cut the crap!
[LUFFY]
Bellamy! Answer me.
Why do this to yourself? Why?
Hey! Y'know you're being used!
Mingo's just a jerk!
He said you're free,
take it and walk!
[DOFLAMINGO]
Fine, Bellamy. I've had my fun.
You're free from me now.
Just like you've
always been, right?
You can just go,
why risk your life?
Listen to me, Bellamy!
[LUFFY] He knew you'd do this,
and he doesn't care!
[BELLAMY chuckles]
That may be true, but so what?
I ain't gonna turn my back
on him even if I croak!
If that's what it takes
to get him to respect me,
then I'm gonna do it!
You big liar!
This isn't about loyalty!
It's about your pride!
If you have it all figured out,
then shut up
and fight me already!
You'll die for nothing!
[BELLAMY gasps]
[BELLAMY] This is the
end of the road for me.
[BELLAMY]
No, this is what I want.
To be killed...
...by the only other man
I ever respected.
[BELLAMY]
Straw Hat.
[bell tolls]
[SARQUISS]
Where are you going?
Up there.
Bellamy did change!
You take that back now!
You have changed, Bellamy.
You're my friend!
[BELLAMY]
Thank you, Straw Hat.
Straw Hat!
Fine. If you won't
take me seriously,
then I have no other choice!
Don't think I won't kill you!
I'm not playing around here!
Why are you just standing
there staring at me?
Where's the old
Straw Hat I remember?
Stop being such a coward!
Put your dukes up already!
This is it, one final blow
and it's all over!
[LUFFY]
Mingo!
Are you looking down on me?
Go to hell!
One last chance
to do this, Straw Hat!
[BELLAMY]
Thank you.
Thank you for
calling me a friend.
[panting]
[BELLAMY]
I know I'm pitiful!
I know I looked up
to the wrong man!
I don't need to
hear it from you!
[BELLAMY]
I have to hold on to something!
Even a loser like me
has some dignity!
[LUFFY yelling]
Doflamingo!
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
I can hear the howling
of a wild cur.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Why don't you limp on up here?
Hey, Law,
your buddy's on his way.
This is going to be good.
I'm sure he'll be
surprised to see you.
Or rather, your corpse.
[NARRATOR]
Even on the brink of death,
Law seeks to avenge Corazon.
He taunts Doflamingo,
landing him in a worse position.
Luffy, finally arriving
on the scene,
becomes distraught after
seeing Law's lifeless body.
Enraged, he starts the
final clash with Doflamingo!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Law Dies!
Luffy's Raging Onslaught!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!